# Artifical Intelligence and Machine Learning Bootcamp

Welcome! This repository contains all of the code, notebooks, and materials I have worked on and completed in the 'Artifical Intelligence & Machine Learning, Data Science Bootcamp' on Udemy.

Section	Resource	Description
00	A 6 step framework for approaching machine learning projects	A guideline for different kinds of machine learning projects and how to break them down into smaller steps.
01	Introduction to NumPy	NumPy stands for Numerical Python. It's one of the most used Python libraries for numerical processing (which is what much of data science and machine learning is).
02	Introduction to pandas	pandas is a Python library for manipulating and analysing data. You can imagine pandas as a programmatic form of an Excel spreadsheet.
03	Introduction to Matplotlib	Matplotlib helps to visualize data. You can create plots and graphs programmatically based on various data sources.
04	Introduction to Scikit-Learn	Scikit-Learn or sklearn is full of data processing techniques as well as pre-built machine learning algorithms for many different tasks.
05	Milestone Project 1: End-to-end Heart Disease Classification	Here we'll put together everything we've gone through in the previous sections to create a machine learning model that is capable of classifying if someone has heart disease or not based on their health characteristics. We'll start with a raw dataset and work through performing an exploratory data analysis (EDA) on it before trying out several different machine learning models to see which performs best.
06	Milestone Project 2: End-to-end Bulldozer Price Prediction	In this project we'll work with an open-source dataset of bulldozer sales information. We'll use this data to build a machine learning model capable of predicting the sales price of a bulldozer based on several input parameters such as size and brand. Since this dataset isn't perfect, we'll work through several data preprocessing steps before building a model. And since we'll be working towards predicting a number (price of bulldozers), this project is known as regression project.
07	Milestone Project 3: Introduction to TensorFlow/Keras and Deep Learning	TensorFlow/Keras are deep learning frameworks written in Python. Originally created by Google and are now open-source. These frameworks allow you to build and train neural networks, one of the most powerful kinds of machine learning models. In this section we'll learn about deep learning and TensorFlow/Keras by building Dog Vision 🐶👁️, a neural network to identify dog breeds in images.
08	Communicating your work	One of the most important parts of machine learning and any software project is communicating what you've found/done. This module takes the learnings from the previous sections and gives tips and tricks on how you can communicate your work to others.
